We offer professional and knowledgeable customer service at all times in a friendly and comfortable shopping environment. Abbott’s carries renowned Swiss-made timepieces by Omega, Gucci, Tissot, Longines, Carl F. Bucherer and Frederique Constant. We have exquisite and stunning jewellery collections by John Hardy, Fope, Tacori, Marco Bicego and Chimento, as well as an assortment of coloured Gems, Diamonds and Pearls. In our Fragrance Boutique, you will find popular perfumes and Gifts for all occasions by Lladro, Swarovski, Mikasa, Orrefors & Kosta Boda just to name a few.
"Her creativity flows so naturally with the most common things you can use everyday.... the deliberate way she fuses these items with such beautiful gems and fabrics are remarkable. I will be adding some of her creations to my portfolio. Two thumbs up Althea."
Special and unique bags, clutches and jewelry made from a variety of materials - with an Afrocentric touch and finished with natural accents.
Whether you’re on a boat, under the sea or on the beach, you will find everything you need at the only water-sports store in Antigua. Our extensive range of products include fishing and snorkeling equipment, lotions, towels, sunglasses, kids toys, skis, wakeboards, and much much more! Take a browse through our site and see what’s on offer – then come and visit us when you come to Antigua!
Accessible via boat, and situated on the Northern end of the Lagoon, the tranquil North Beach with sparkling waters offers amazing snorkeling and is a well-known camping ground.
Three and a half miles north-east of Codrington Village is Darby’s Cave, a spectacular vertical sinkhole in the middle of the bush. It is well worth a visit to see the huge deep hole suddenly appear in front of you and wonder how it got there – the tops of tall palm trees are suddenly at eye level! Darby Sink Hole is over 100 metres in diameter and around 70 feet deep. One side of the hole has been greatly undercut and stalagmites up to 8 feet high have formed under the overhang. The vegetation resembles a mini rainforest with palms, ferns, and lianas. It is well worth a visit but a local guide is essential for this trip.
This tower, 32 feet high, and fort of 3 guns was used as a look-out along the south coast and for sighting in-coming or wrecked ships. This information was then signalled onward to the village of Codrington, several miles north. The fort, once with 3 guns, is placed near a small river which only appears in times of wet weather. This small stream is caused by the drainage of swamps that lie inland behind the beach. The fort guarded the main anchorage on the south-western side of Barbuda. The name ‘Martello’ is derived from a tower at Cape Mortella in Corsica that the British, had difficulty in taking in 1794. The south coast of England was defended by Martello Towers against Napoleon’s intended invasion of England in 1803.
Caves, ancient petroglyphs from the arawaks and lush greenery are just a few highlights of the great Two-foot Bay within the sister isle Barbuda. Dazzle in amazement when encountering the views from this beach. Go camping on this beach and be adventurous by exploring the depth of the caves. Or just take in the lush nature around you. Birdwatching is popular in this area, and a visit to the nearby pond will reward you with sightings of the West Indian Whistling Duck and other birding species.
Looking for a reliable and professional car rental company?Well look no further. Empire Rentals can deliver vehicles with the dependability and comfort that you need at prices you can afford.
Pillows of white and pink sand welcome you at Cedar Tree Point, while the sparkling water leaves you mesmerised. Take a trip across the famous Codrington Lagoon by boat to access this wonderful, remote beach, which is also home to Barbuda’s luxury hotel, Barbuda Belle.
Are there any travel advisories?
Yes, you can find local food spots that are affordable, or if you want to splurge, there are upscale restaurants with fine dining.
Where can I get a travel brochure?
We offer highly personalized luxury tours in a comfortable air-conditioned environment. Sample the famous Antigua Black Pineapple (once available), said to be the sweetest pineapple in the world, have a taste of Antigua’s Cavalier Rum &/or Rum Punch (one of our award-winning local rums) and taste the sumptuous local cuisine, while enjoying the sites and culture of our beautiful island.
Efficient, dependable vehicles for rent or lease delivered to you on time with exceptional customer service!
Fun, Relaxing, Informative, Adventurous! Fat Tire Electric Bike Tour creates an intimate guided tour experience, utilizing comfortable, easy-to-ride electric beach cruisers. The best way to tour, explore & cultivate your most memorable Antigua experience.
The best way to explore our coastline is with your own runabout, from 18 – 24 ft foot Boston Whaler or SeaRays. It’s your choice based on availability. Paradise Boat Sales is prepared to make sure your experience is outstanding, we value the opportunity to create a long-term relationship with our customers, and we do that by giving you the best customer service available. A boater's operating licence is required or other proof of boat operations.
Antigua Luxury Vans welcomes you to our beautiful twin island destination.
Call Pick-Me-Up today for all your transportation needs in Antigua! Get there privately, safely, reliably, comfortably, in-style and ON TIME!
Our cute, well laid out shop is a haven for the most exotic resort wear, comfortable and fresh linens reinvented with vibrant colours to suit every season. We boast smart, chic day wear and classy, fun sophisticated evening wear.
Keep Antigua and Barbuda Clean
With pristine beaches and an exciting mix of raw natural beauty and beachfront development, the major cruise port of Antigua is home to a number of Diamonds International stores.
This sublime southwest-facing beach is home to several ultra-exclusive resorts and housing developments under construction, but anyone is free to enjoy the often footprint-free sands lapped by the crystal-clear sea. Previously known as Coco Point Beach, it was renamed in honour of Princess Diana, who loved vacationing here, to mark what would have been her 50th birthday in 2011
Embellish West Indies is a brand that creates handmade, wearable art. Each piece as unique as its wearer.
You can catch a direct flight from the Canada, the United States, the UK as well as numerous islands throughout the Caribbean.
Bush teas, fruit juices, jams, syrups, sauces, dried fruit
Antigua and Barbuda has had a long and rich history and culture of religious activities and development. From the early days of settlement, colonization was linked with religion and among the first buildings to be erected for social services and administration were churches. With the establishment of Parishes, churches soon followed to provide the social and religious needs, such as marriages, burials, and the keeping of the related records and documents. Churches and the "church halls" were the first schoolrooms and the centers of festive and social life. The first and official church of Antigua was the Anglican or Church of England. It was the Planters' church and did not provide service for blacks, slaves, colored people or Catholics. 
Raj Taxi Service welcomes you the twin islands Antigua and Barbuda If you need to get around the island call us. We can accommodate small and large groups as well. We strive to accommodate our customers request in a timely and efficient manner. Additionally, our taxi service is multifunctional and can accommodate unorthodox requests such as shopping trips, souvenir finding, excursions, airport pickups, drop-offs and island tours.
Check with travel agencies, visit websites like the Antigua and Barbuda tourism site, or ask for advice at local hotels in Antigua.
Many card and coin public phone boxes are available around the island. Cellular phones are available for rent from providers and more information is available at your port of entry or any tourist information Centre.
With some of the world’s most romantic and secluded locations, Antigua and Barbuda provides the ultimate setting for dream weddings and honeymoons with all the facilities and expertise available to ensure you get hitched without any problems. No waiting period or residency requirements for a wedding license to be issued and an array of wedding planners means arranging your Big Day is a breeze and as stress-free as possible.
Geotourist Walking Tour: GeoTourist is your own personal tour guide for the world’s most interesting attractions, landmarks and beyond. Based on your exact location access auto-play guided audio tours in multiple languages right on your smartphone.
To provide a reliable and affordable method of transportation while reducing traffic congestion and carbon emissions to enhance the quality of life.
Fat Tire Electric Bike Tours: Fun, Relaxing, Informative, Adventurous! Fat Tire Electric Bike Tour creates an intimate guided tour experience, utilizing comfortable, easy-to-ride electric beach cruisers. The best way to tour, explore & cultivate your most memorable Antigua experience.
Thriller Tours: Come be thrilled beyond your wildest expectations! Adventure, comfort & excitement - all in one breathtaking day.
Whether you're looking for that special place to host a cozy dinner for two or want to take the family out on a relaxing evening, our restaurant has just the perfect setting. We have the space to accommodate private parties and large groups.
An adventure made of flavors and smells, following the past of a glorious cuisine winking at the contemporaneity. Selected and well-kept ingredients treated with love and passion protagonists together with you
Antigua and Barbuda is approximately 300 miles (480 kilometers) southeast of Puerto Rico.
Antigua and Barbuda is part of the Leeward Islands and consists of two inhabited main islands, Antigua and Barbuda, and a number of smaller islands and the small uninhabited Redonda island about 50km west-southwest of Antigua. The island nation shares maritime borders with Saint Kitts and Nevis, Anguilla (UK), Montserrat (UK) and Saint Barthélemy (France).
Rendezvous Antigua: The Rendezvous Company has been successfully operating unique and exclusive shore excursions for many years.
Antigua has about 365 beaches, one for each day of the year. A popular recommendation is Dickenson Bay.
Antigua has roughly 365 beaches. A great one to check out is Half Moon Bay.
All of them. Antigua and Barbuda is the land of 365 beaches. It’s impossible to recommend just one. One beach for each day of the year!
There are around 365 beaches in Antigua. Many people like to visit Jolly Beach.
There is a network of 26 community health facilities, one public hospital in Antigua, and an 8-bed medical facility in Barbuda that provide healthcare services to the people of Antigua and Barbuda.
A tip of around 10-15% is common for good service at restaurants, hotels, and taxis. Some places may include it in the bill, so check first.
Antigua and Barbuda is one of the safest countries in the Caribbean and is relatively crime-free country. Visitors can enjoy a safe and comfortable experience while vacationing in Antigua and Barbuda, But exercise normal precautions, i.e. don’t leave valuables unattended on the beach or in rental cars.
Antigua and Barbuda is an independent democratic nation and part of the British Commonwealth.
Yes, Antigua and Barbuda is relatively close to Puerto Rico, a short flight away, about an hour or so by air.
"Yes, it’s generally safe for visitors, but like anywhere, you should stay aware and use common sense.
"
When you're ready to make international getaway dreams a reality, book your Avis car rental in Antigua and Barbuda and explore the country at your leisure. It doesn't matter if you’re traveling for business or with the whole family in tow, Avis has the perfect car to fit your needs.
Internet access is available at most restaurants and hotels. Both domestic and international direct dialing are available. The international dialing code for Antigua and Barbuda is 1 268. To call the UK from Antigua and Barbuda, dial 011 44 plus number. To call USA dial 1 plus number.
Departure tax is included in the price of the ticket for all passengers over 12 years old leaving the island via air travel.
Getting around Antigua should be easy. That’s why Budget Rent-A-Car caters to you with convenient and affordable rental services. Our main office is conveniently located on Airport Road and our neighbouring branch office at the V.C. Bird International Airport for your easy pick-up on arrival. We make it even easier by delivering just the vehicle you need on the day you need it absolutely FREE.
Pineapple Rentals' is a locally owned and operated rental car agency. If you are vacationing in Antigua, be sure to give us a call beforehand, so we can have your rental car ready and waiting for you at the airport, cruise ship dock, or your hotel.
BC Taxi and Tours offers full taxi service around the island of Antigua. We also pickup and drop off from the airport and cruise ship terminal in St. Johns. Wherever you want to go around the island, BC Taxi & Tours can take you there. Easily arrange comfortable transportation for groups or a few people.
Thrifty is one of the most widely recognized global car-rental brands in the industry. With more than 300 locations across the United States and over 1,000 globally, we’re here to help you make the most out of your travels. Because your next trip shouldn’t just be about the destination, but the adventures along the way.
No matter the time of year there’s always something happening in Antigua and Barbuda. There are a variety of gatherings for all ages and interests and an exciting lineup of annual sporting events, festivals and cultural celebrations all under the postcard-worthy Antigua sunshine.
Yes, you can explore old forts, go snorkeling, or just enjoy the peaceful island atmosphere.
A unique store specializing in leather goods for over 20 years. Land is operated by the owner Debra Merchant. Land's finest items are of a 100% leather which are on show permanently at Land's Miami Showroom, with three new collections each year. Visit Land in Antigua for travel goods, handbags, briefcases, belts, wallets, fine shoes and clothing.
Longchamp continues in the tradition and exclusivity that has been Longchamp Paris since 1948 carrying the softest and most durable leather handbags, both classic and collection pieces as well as luggage and accessories.
Makai, meaning “Towards the Ocean”, features Classy, cheeky designer bikinis, cover-ups, dresses, jewelry and other beach related items for those who belong at the beach or near the ocean.
With mysterious abandoned forts, Neolithic caves and beachfront untouched since the days of Christopher Columbus, Barbuda is both the deepest retreat into solitude you could dream of and an untouched world of legend for you to explore. This magnificent island is 62 sq miles or 14 miles in size, with a population of over 1500 people. 
Antigua Sailing Week takes place at the end of April annually. Aside from it being 5 days of professionally managed Windward-Leeward racing, many shoreside events take place around it which are open to the public and create a fun party atmosphere. Antigua and Barbuda continues to be a sailor’s haven and a popular yachting hub for many years, because of its spectacular turquoise waters, steady Trade winds, and natural bays and harbours.
Historic meets modern in downtown St. John’s where two charming shopping areas, the modern Heritage Quay and historic Redcliffe Quay are located near to the waterfront. For those seeking a bit of retail therapy, duty-free shopping is available in the Heritage Quay, where purchasers need only show their valid departure details, to purchase duty-free items from internationally recognized brands. The nearby Vendors mall offers a selection of local arts and crafts, straw goods, pottery and jewelry, while the boutiques at the historic Redcliffe Quay provides artisan products, trendy wine bars and cafes. Most shops are open Monday through Saturday from, 9am to 5pm. During the week, the St. John’s Public Market on the southern edge of the city has folk crafts, colorful tropical fruits and vegetables, fresh fish and meats as well as a buzzing crowd that make for a lively morning especially on the busiest of days, Saturday. Along the Friar’s Hill Road on the northern side of the island, visitors will also find a growing commercial district, where they will find restaurants, banks, telecommunication services and other businesses.
Cartier, Givenchy, Guerlain, Kenzo, Hermes, Jean-Paul Gaultier, Issey Miyake, Bvlgari, Juicy, Ferragamo, Paco Rabanne, Nina Ricci, Carolina Herrara, Estee Lauder, Donna Karan, Tommy Hilfilger and so much more.
Just follow basic tips like avoiding isolated areas at night and keeping an eye on your belongings.
Silver Chelles is a beautiful jewelry boutique situated in the heart of historic Redcliffe Quay. Specializing in polished seashells set in sterling silver, every piece of jewelry is handcrafted, making each piece unique & truly natural. A wide variety of pendants, bracelets, rings & earrings are available.
Sterlings is the #1 shopping destination in Antigua for jewelry, diamonds, watches, sunglasses and handbags. With over 50 top brands to choose from, Sterlings is your one stop shop with it comes to shopping. You will be amazed at the selection and prices.
Dressing women, men, kids and 'yachties' since 1983. This famous shop established in Antigua has two locations and is quite literally a shop with the largest selection of swimwear in the Caribbean!
All the jewelry is handmade on the premise and designed by the owner, Hans Smit, who is world-renowned for his expertise. Hans studied at the Academy of Modern Art in Holland and has trained young, local apprentices in the skills and secrets of jewelry making in Antigua since 1965.
Antigua and Barbuda’s small size makes it great for exploration. Antigua is 108 square miles, making it easy for visitors to get from point A to point B in 45 minutes or less – nowhere is too far! For a real feel for the island and a bit of adventure, jump on a bus at the bus stop or head to the East or West Bus station for a bus ride that will take you through charming villages and to the island’s beaches or historical sites and natural attractions. It is also quite easy to rent a car, and this is the most popular way to discover more of Antigua and Barbuda. A valid driver’s license and an EC$50 fee are required to obtain a permit to drive in Antigua. Taxis are also available throughout Antigua. Fares between the airport, English Harbour, and many hotels and destinations are fixed and can be obtained upon arrival.
Set against our scenic backdrops, or on picturesque beaches the destination offers a selection of accommodation, from world-class resorts and boutique spa hotels, to private luxury villas, historic inns and intimate guest houses as well as modern apartments for that friends and family holiday, romantic getaway or business trip. Our award-winning hotels leave visitors spoilt for choice with excellent services, a range of amenities, and the absolute best in fine-dining.
Combining contemporary architecture with a stunning tropical setting, South Point Antigua offers a truly unique experience – where casual island-chic meets modern luxury in a neighborhood rich with history. Set in Falmouth Harbour, just minutes away from Nelson’s Dockyard and the yachting community of English Harbour, this stylish boutique hotel offers a private beachfront and jetty, as well as unobstructed views of the Caribbean Sea and Falmouth Harbour marina from each of its 23 suites.
With adventure around every corner, a wide variety of dining options and accommodations for the budget conscious and luxury traveler Antigua and Barbuda has a little bit of something for everyone!
South Coast Horizons Tours: Take a breath-taking eco fantasy tour starting in our exotic palm tree garden; stroll through our Fantasy Pyramid Park; kayak through the peaceful mangroves and finally snorkel around Cades Reef (one of our biggest reefs on the west coast of the island). You can also just relax and sunbathe on our secluded white sand beach
Café Bella is a bright modern café, with instant visual charm. Whether you are in conversation on the outdoor terrace or reclining in the air-conditioned dinning lounge you're never more that a few feet from tasteful island artwork.
The hotel’s spacious hillside suites and beach cottages offer stunning views of a tropical coastline across a tranquil bay and out to a barrier reef of gleaming turquoise. Nonsuch Bay promises guests a truly authentic and idyllic luxury Caribbean beach hotel experience.
Antigua VIP Tours: We offer highly personalized luxury tours in a comfortable air-conditioned environment.  Sample the famous Antigua Black Pineapple (once available), said to be the sweetest pineapple in the world, have a taste of Antigua’s Cavalier Rum &/or Rum Punch (one of our award-winning local rums) and taste the sumptuous local cuisine, while enjoying the sites and culture of our beautiful island.
There are multiple scenic vantage points on both islands, but the iconic view from Shirley Heights and Nelson’s Dockyard are said to be the most memorable.
The St. John's Cathedral dominates the landscape of St. John's. At one time it was the largest and most imposing structure on the cityscape. It carries the names of St. John the Divine and at the south gate on Temple Street, statues of St. John the Baptist and St. John the Divine. It is classic and Baroque in architectural style. The original was a wood structure that was built shortly after the time of settlement in the 1680s. The second was a small stone and brick building (1720) that was completely destroyed by the Great Earthquake of February 8th 1843. The new structure was a unique building of stone that completely encased a wooden building, on its inside. This was intended to protect the worshipers should another major earthquake occur when the cathedral was in use. 
Banks open Monday to Thursday, 8am – 2pm and Fridays 8am – 4pm
Visitors to Antigua and Barbuda require a valid passport, a return or onward ticket, confirmation of accommodation throughout the stay and sufficient funds for the duration of the stay. On arrival, the immigration officer must be satisfied that your reason for visiting Antigua and Barbuda is legitimate. For visa requirements, see our Travel Resources page.
Monday thru Saturday 8am to noon and 1pm-5pm.
Ebenezer Methodist Church on upper St. Mary's Street in downtown St. John's is an architectural gem of Antigua. It was designed in stark simplicity typical of Methodism. It is essentially a brick structure with stone corners and a low hip roof set behind parapet walls. Ebenezer dates to the mid 19th century and succeeds the original church that once existed on Temple Street. 
Anglican is the most popular religion on the island. Other denominations include, Roman Catholic, Baptist, Pentecostal, Moravian and Seventh Day Adventist among others. The Parham Anglican Church, is one of the oldest churches in the region built during colonial times by slaves. The St. John’s Cathedral, considered a national monument is a popular tourist attraction due to its high geometrical ceiling and unique architectural design.
Antigua and Barbuda is a tropical paradise perfectly suited for the ultimate romantic wedding, honeymoon or getaway with a tropical climate, 365 white sandy beaches to choose from, luxurious hotels and an array of activities to be enjoyed.
Antigua’s developed northwest coast is home to the popular Dickenson Bay and Runaway Bay, which provide a fully-loaded resort beach experience. Or, for those who want a beach close to St. John’s, Fort James, a locally popular public beach, and Deep Bay are excellent choices. A series of four crescent shaped beaches at Hawksbill are also highly regarded, one of which is great for those seeking a nude sunbathing experience. And for those who want to party late into the night, popular evening hotspots can be found at Dickenson Bay.
Pineapple Beach Club Antigua is located in a tropical hideaway where the beach curves in a perfect quarter-mile arc of brilliant, powdery white sand. Pineapple Beach Club Antigua offers Caribbean-style accommodations amidst 30 acres of lush gardens. Guests can swim in the resort’s two freshwater pools, enjoy the complimentary non-motorized watersports, or dine at one of the seaside restaurants.
"If you’re on a budget, you can enjoy free beaches, hiking, and local markets. For luxury, there are fancy resorts, private boat tours, and high-end spas.
"
Eat n Lime Food Tours: Taste our culture as you take Antigua's only food tours! Let's go on culinary adventures where we not only learn about Antiguan & Barbudan cuisine, but we become better foodies!
Your Stingray City Antigua Snorkel Adventure will be the highlight of your vacation, and an experience that will live with you forever. Our Southern Rays are the brightest rays in the Caribbean, very friendly and gentle. Come and enjoy with us this unique experience of interacting and feeding a Stingray, together with snorkeling amongst magnificent coral reefs and colorful tropical fish.
The Crow’s Nest Restaurant and Bar overlooking the Jolly Harbour Marina is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Come and enjoy the beautiful setting of the Jolly Harbour Marina surrounded by tranquil waters, majestic yachts and artisan landscape hillsides.
Antigua Reef Riders: Situated in the picturesque Jolly Harbour Marina, just a short 20 minute taxi ride from St Johns Port, WCT Antigua Reef Riders presents you with a unique opportunity for you to captain your own 10 foot 2-seater inflatable Reef Rider. HOLD ON TIGHT as you and your friend explore the beautiful west coast of Antigua out to the stunning Cades Reef. Top of the “things to do in Antigua” list.
The Dockyard is a major heritage site that dates to the Georgian Period. Most of the buildings have been restored. They are open to the public as offices, restaurants, hotels, shops, museum and government services such as Customs and Immigration. The former Georgian Naval dockyard is today an active marina and port of entry to Antigua and still provides to seafarers and their vessels. The Nelson's Dockyard was the former British naval dockyard in the Lesser Antilles. It was established in 1734 as a hurricane shelter and careenage, but its strategic importance was soon realized as it permitted the British to maintain an active squadron in the Eastern Caribbean after the loss of the North American colonies. Africans built and maintained the numerous naval and military facilities, serviced and repaired the ships stationed in the Caribbean. Today, the yachting industry of English Harbour is one of the primary economic engines of Antigua and the skilled workers, the descendants of many of these African workers continue to provide a high level of skilled services. 
The caves here run along the sea cliffs and are interesting and full of history. A visitor might see evidence of bats, crabs, huge iguanas, tropicbirds and other interesting flaura and fauna. Barbudans have camped in the caves for centuries and have given them names, such as 'The Fridge', which as its name suggests · is cool and breezy. Inside Indian Cave it is possible to see drawings (petroglyphs) left by the original inhabitants of Barbuda, the Arawak or the Siboney. 
Dow's Hill is located on the grounds of the Dow's Hill fort overlooking Falmouth and English Harbour. The site is now the Interpretation Center for the National Parks. The site is a part of the Dow's Hill eastern battery and the gun platforms provide a scenic view of the entrance to English Harbour, Guadeloupe and Montserrat and is one of the top scenic vistas on Antigua. One can also see the University of Health Sciences Campus that was originally built by NASA as a communication center for the Apollo Missions to the moon. 
Happy Heights Hiking Tours: Happy Heights in its essence, is about getting the blood flowing through your body whilst capturing your wild side through conquering vivid tropical landscapes. On our hikes, you can expect to encounter beautiful trees, exotic wildlife and picturesque panoramic views, all with a cool island breeze running through your hair.
Triflexcursion offers biking, hiking and kayaking tours. The tours are customized to suit the activity that best reflects your interests. In short, you can choose to bike, hike or kayak individually, or do a combination of the 3 activities.
Direct flights are available from the Canada, the United States, the UK as well as numerous islands throughout the Caribbean.
Non-stop flights are available from the Canada, the United States, the UK as well as numerous islands throughout the Caribbean.
Turner’s Beach Restaurant offers casual Caribbean dining in a picturesque beachfront restaurant. Popular with the locals, we enjoy a large Sunday crowd who enjoy our seafood and grilled steaks just steps away from a pristine beach
Charming rustic, hillside restaurant with stunning views overlooking Dickenson Bay. Serving an exquisite Mediterranean cuisine.
Antigua and Barbuda use the Eastern Caribbean Dollar which can be purchased at most commercial banks. In Antigua and Barbuda many establishments will also accept US dollars.
With three romantic open-air restaurants, one grill and three welcoming lounges, it’s not necessary to leave Galley Bay. Live entertainment, cocktail parties and Caribbean barbecues fill the tropical evenings. It is a pleasure to relax by the dramatic cascading waterfall and swimming pool as if by a natural mountain spring. There are jogging trails, bicycles, and tennis courts for the energetic.
Turner’s Beach Restaurant offers casual Caribbean dining in a picturesque beachfront restaurant. Popular with the locals, we enjoy a large Sunday crowd who enjoy our seafood and grilled steaks just steps away from a pristine beach
Humble and Free Wadadli is a social enterprise that hosts a series of experiential eco-tours and activities to honour historical and natural attractions and knowledge related with natural and sustainable living in Antigua.
Tropical Adventures Antigua: We provide a wide variety of entertaining and interesting tours offering you the opportunity to discover the unique essence of Antigua and Barbuda by land, sea and air!
"
Wadadli Cats: Imagine sailing off to a deserted tropical island, feeling the sun on your skin and the wind in your hair as you sail through the Caribbean Sea towards paradise. Snorkeling in crystal clear waters then enjoying an alfresco lunch with your new found friends. Who said dreams never come true?"
Enjoy our beautiful new poolside restaurant, Boom, located in front of Gunpowder House with its spectacular infinity edged pool overlooking Nelson’s Dockyard. Serving delicious lunches and cocktails from 11 to 6pm. Take a dip in the pool, laze in the hammocks and sun beds or get pampered in the spa.
Sail, snorkel, and be entertained with Treasure Island Cruises. We showcase local culture at its best! Treat Yourself to the exhilarating experience of one or more of our sail, snorkel, or catamaran tours, uniquely designed to showcase the best of Antigua's culture and natural heritage.
Tucked on 17 acres of stunning tropical gardens on the sunny northwestern coast of Antigua, Blue Waters Resort exudes the sort of easy, effortless elegance that can only come through decades of expert management.
Antigua and Barbuda is a tropical paradise perfectly suited for the ultimate romantic wedding, honeymoon or getaway with a tropical climate, 365 white sandy beaches to choose from, luxurious hotels and an array of activities to be enjoyed.
Experience another age, centuries away when you step inside the Copper and Lumber Store Historic Inn in Nelson’s Dockyard National Park, English Harbour Antigua. Located in the heart of a World Heritage Site, the historic inn is a beautiful intimate boutique Hotel where the laid back culture and charm of the Caribbean melds with the colonial history of Antigua creating a romantic and unique setting.
The former Codrington House, the historic ruins are locally known as ‘Willy Bob” or Highland House and is the starting point to the Darby Cave. The highest point on the island, a visit to ‘Willy Bob’ provides a scenic view of Barbuda’s stunning coastline. Historians can also explore the area which served as the family home for the Codrington family, of which Barbuda’s town is named.
At the height of the Napoleonic Wars, several West India Regiments of African and free black soldiers were stationed at Middle Ground. On a rocky outcrop at Middle Ground, three grinding holes that are similar in all respects to those of northern Ghana, Cameroon and Nigeria, can be observed. It is not known if the hollows were the work of the African soldiers or African domestics and tradesmen attached to the military, but they are a rare and interesting feature of important cultural significance. 
Scrumptious food with perfect ambience, the freshest lobster, conch and seafood are given on menus in Barbuda and can be enjoyed at seaside restaurants and island spots. Be sure to sample one of Barbuda’s indigenous dishes to include venison (deer meat), land crab, land turtle, hermit crab, fungee, ducana, white beans and pigeon peas.
ABST is an indirect tax and is levied at the rate of 15% on the value of a wide range of goods and services imported or supplied in Antigua and Barbuda by ABST-registered persons. The rate applied in to hotel accommodation is 12.5%.
Enjoy the warmth of the island, the hospitality of our people and the magic within our culture during ANTIGUA’S CARNIVAL – a spectacle of colour, fun, and excitement waiting to unfold! Melodic music with infectious beats and fancy, creative costumes are just a taste of what you can expect. Suppose you are looking for a combined taste of Antigua’s traditional and modern culture, including lots of feting and the most prominent street parties for all of the hardcore partygoers and an ANTIGUAN festive environment. In that case, Antigua’s Carnival is definitely the festival for you.
The Codrington Lagoon National Park is the largest wetland in the State of Antigua and Barbuda. The national park stretches approximately 16.5 miles and encompasses the entire west coast of Barbuda. The lagoon itself is marvelously pristine. There are few mangrove lagoons in the Caribbean that are as preserved as Codrington, and for that reason alone this site is of global importance. Codrington Lagoon supports the largest magnificent frigate bird colony in the Caribbean and the Western Hemisphere. It has about 5,000 Frigate Birds. These birds with wingspans of four to five feet are only accessible by a short boat trip with a knowledgeable tour guide. These magnificent birds travel between the Caribbean and Galapagos islands during the varying mating seasons. At breeding season, males have a remarkable scarlet throat pouch inflated like a balloon. There are also over 100,000 birds that exist there. Brown boobies often loiter in the colony, and laughing gulls nest on the sand that collects beneath the mangrove islets. Frigate birds banded in this colony have been seen as far north as Florida. Codrington Lagoon is the only RAMSAR site in the country. The lagoon and bird sanctuary constitute some of the most environmentally sensitive areas of Antigua and Barbuda. Consequently, the Codrington Lagoon was declared a National Park on March 3rd, 2005, giving this area special protection. 
DiveCarib, based in English Harbour, offers a variety of scuba diving activities including guided dive tours, PADI courses, and Discover Scuba programs for beginners. As Antigua's only independent five-star PADI facility, you have come to the right place if you are looking for a great scuba diving experience in Antigua.
A multi-cuisine restaurant in Buckleys with delicious food, beautiful views and personal service.
Coates Cottage is a small house close to the waterfront on lower Redcliffe Street. It is a typical small wooden house, single storey, common to St. John's. There are no other sites of its type in St. John's or on Antigua. The property is well maintained and is an excellent example of a disappearing architectural style and urban residence. 
The Atlantic View Restaurant, with its scenic and breathtaking view, is the perfect location for lunch with easy parking and away from the hustle and bustle of St. John’s. The menus which are prepared and served by our students, showcase their culinary skills, and caters to every palate, filling you with a Caribbean zest.
Gratuities are not automatically added, but are customary at about 10% to 12% of bills. Tips are generally accepted by bell hops in hotels, taxis and other persons providing service.
The duty-free allowance is as follows: 200 cigarettes or 50 cigars or 250g tobacco, 1 litre wine or spirits, 170ml (6ozs) perfume. Weapons of war and unprescribed drugs are prohibited.
Official currency is the Eastern Caribbean dollar (XCD) which is fixed to the US dollar at US$1.00 = EC$2.70. Of course, actual exchange rates will vary slightly from that number, depending on whether you’re buying or selling, and who you’re exchanging with. US currency, travelers checks and major credit cards are welcome everywhere, but some small businesses don't accept credit cards.
Miguel’s Holiday Adventure Prickly Pear Island Excursion: A relaxing day on Prickly Pear Island, hosted by Miguel and family. Sit back and relax with our buffet-style Seafood/West Indian Menu: Lobster, fish, conch, chicken, rice, salad, and a variety of snacks. Open bar with alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.
The highest elevation on the archipelago is Boggy Peak with 402m (1,319 ft.). Antigua boasts the largest expanse of freshwater in the whole of the Caribbean, Potworks Dam is a man-made lake nearly 2km long by 1km wide.
Bethesda is located at the foot of Willoughby Bay. It is perhaps one of the most important historical sites on Antigua and in the West Indies. In 1817, Mr. Charles Thwaites, a former employee at the naval dockyard in English Harbour and a staunch Methodist, often rode to Lyon's Estate to preach to the slaves and their children. Thwaites and his wife, a woman of mixed race, decided to build a school room halfway between English Harbour and Lyon's Estate. The site chosen was a breezy hilltop where the village of Bethesda is now located. The schoolroom opened on 29th May 1813. The school was named Bethesda, which means hallowed. It is likely that Bethesda was the first school that was built specifically for the education of enslaved people in the Caribbean. 
Fort James is one of the oldest forts of Antigua. Its origins date back as far as 1672. Its intended purpose was to defend the port of St. John's. To achieve this, it was part of a defensive network of forts that were built on the headlands and strategic coastal locations. Fort James is unique in design when compared to the other forts and defense platforms of Antigua. 
Set on a sunset-facing bluff on Antigua’s glorious west coast between Darkwood and Ffreye’s, two of the island’s most beautiful beaches, Tamarind Hills takes five star luxury to new heights. This stunning collection of freehold beachfront and ocean-view villas and apartments is beautifully designed for contemporary and stylish Caribbean living.
St. Paul's Anglican Church was likely the first church built on Antigua shortly after colonization by the English in 1632, in the first town, Falmouth. The original church was a small wood building that also served as the courthouse and official place of government or island's council until St. John's was established. The building of today was built on the same spot as a replacement for the original wooden building that was destroyed by fire. Several historic military persons were buried in the churchyard, including Capt. James Charles Pitt of the British naval sloop HMS Hornet. In the grounds of the church rectory, a short distance away, is a large "baobob" tree that likely dates to before Emancipation. 
Jet-off to sunny Antigua and Barbuda, with Antigua and Barbuda’s newest speciality cocktail, ‘The Lift Off', inspired by the Antigua and Barbuda Tourism Authority’s ‘Your Space in the Sun’ campaign and created by Antigua and Barbuda award-winning mixologist, Altino Spencer.
The main medical care facility in Antigua is the Mount St. John’s Medical Center. Its facilities adhere to international standards. This hospital provides services such as casualty, maternity, and radiology with the latest in digital technology, pharmacy, pathology, surgery, intensive care, a children’s ward and a special care unit for babies born prematurely. The hospital also offers health promotion and prevention programs for diabetes, hypertension and antenatal care. The hospital even has a blood bank, and provides medical treatment for dialysis, nephrology, oncology, reconstructive surgery, and physiotherapy and rehabilitation.
Adventurous Hikes and Tours mission is to differentiate itself as the most prestige hiking company on Island. We aim to create and nurture a healthy, exuberant and enjoyable hike experience, in which our employees are fairly compensated and encouraged to respect the customer and the quality of the service we intend to provide.
Adventurous Hikes and Tours: Adventurous Hikes and Tours mission is to differentiate itself as the most prestige hiking company on Island. We aim to create and nurture a healthy, exuberant and enjoyable hike experience, in which our employees are fairly compensated and encouraged to respect the customer and the quality of the service we intend to provide.
English is the official language, but the local lingo (broken English) can be heard spoken casually and most commonly by locals.
Antigua and Barbuda has a number of qualified general practitioners and specialists on the island. There are also well-equipped testing clinics. The healthcare services in Antigua and Barbuda are known to be adequate, but there are some major conditions that cannot be treated. It is best to check in advance if the facility near you can treat all conditions. Most hotels have general practitioners as part of the staff. If there isn’t one, you can ask the desk for a recommendation for the appropriate doctor or specialist. Doctors, ophthalmologists and dentists are also listed in the telephone book.
Lookout is located at the end of western extension of the road at Shirley's Heights. The Lookout was built as a signal station and fort with gun platforms set to assist the forts at the entrance to English Harbour. It is part of a large complex of barracks, hospitals, canteens, officers' quarters and cemeteries on the western end of the Ridge, or Shirley's Heights. There is an active bar and restaurant. 
With an area of 442 km², the islands are slightly smaller than Andorra, or about 2.5 times the size of Washington, DC.
240 Volts, 50 cycles AC (a few hotels are 110 Volts, 60 cycles). Adaptors are generally available at the resorts.
Step into a world of sheer paradise at Hawksbill Resort Antigua, where breathtaking beaches, Caribbean charm, and unbeatable value await. Whether you're a couple seeking a romantic getaway, a single adventurer craving a memorable escape, or a small group in search of an unforgettable experience, our picturesque beachfront haven caters to your every desire.
They use the Eastern Caribbean Dollar (XCD). You can get it at banks, currency exchange offices, airports, and some hotels in Antigua and Barbuda.
Pink Panther Safari: Visit historical and nature sites of Antigua with our all-female crew in the unique PINK PANTHER custom commissioned Land Rovers. Be part of the “Pink Panther Pack” from the St. James’s Club.
The Lord Nelson Hotel and Residences is an apartment-style hotel at Dutchman Bay on the north coast of Antigua just a couple of minutes drive from the V.C.Bird International Airport.
Adventure Antigua has been taking guests to the most beautiful coastal destinations by boat since 1999. Started by Eli Fuller, a third generation Antiguan adventurer, this company is different than many other snorkeling and sightseeing tour companies because each trip was carefully designed to make sure that guests get the most educational and authentic day out on the water possible.
It’s one of those times when you sit down and question whether you are in Antigua. Of course the fact the air is warm and yachts and dinghies can literally tie up marina side reminds you that you are in the Caribbean. Located on the water's edge in Jolly Harbour, Al Porto is all about great quality, simple, freshly prepared pizza, and homemade pasta served in a stylish contemporary surrounding.
At Ana’s Restaurant and Art Gallery we are very proud to say that we have become synonymous with elegance, style and grace. Since opening our signature hot pink doors in May 2014 the restaurant has grown in popularity in Antigua and Barbuda.
One of the most unique things about Antigua is our 365 white and pink sand beaches and locals like to say, we have one for everyday of the year. Antigua and Barbuda also boasts the most luxury all-inclusive boutique hotels in the Caribbean and is the perfect destination for any traveler. Voted several years in a row as the Caribbean’s Most Romantic Destination, we consider ourselves as the Romance Capital of the World.
Antigua and Barbuda provides the ultimate setting for dream weddings and honeymoon with all the facilities and expertise available to ensure you get married without any problems. No waiting period or residency requirements for a wedding license to be issued, and an array of wedding planners means arranging your Big Day is a breeze and as stress-free as possible.
While it’s clear to see and taste the varied, international influence on Antigua and Barbuda’s cuisine, the indigenous foods, drinks and treats of the twin-island paradise are surely something to savour. Have a look at the list below of some must-haves to sample on your visit!
Barbuda Belle is a Boutique Hotel located on the most beautiful beach in the Caribbean. Its beauty and remoteness will transform your stay into a peaceful getaway. This family owned Hotel takes pride in highlighting the beauty of the Island of Barbuda with its nature friendly concept and with its gourmet seafood restaurant, The Mangrove, with a predominance of local products prepared by our French chef.
Main Off-Shore Islands: These include, Redonda, Great Bird Island and Green Island, Guiana Island, Prickly Pear Island, Crump Island, Maiden Island, Rabbit Island, York Island, Hells Gate, Sandy Island, and Long Island (which houses the ultra exclusive Jumby Bay Resort and Vacation homes).
BeachLimerZ is a local, family owned and operated bistro-bar located on Antigua’s Historic Fort James Beach, one of the Caribbean's most stunningly beautiful beaches. This stylish, informal, rustic beach bar features the liberal use of local woods for bar and furniture, together with hand-made copper light fixtures fashioned by an island artisan.
It is centrally located due East of Pares Village on the main road to Glanvilles and Willikies Villages. The estate is situated about a half kilometer on south side, along a dirt road; follow the sign. Currently, Betty's Hope is no longer a working estate and today lies mostly in ruin. The windmill has been restored to workable condition and the former store rooms and stables have been converted into an interpretation centre. The site is used as a public park and place for learning. It provides a unique educational visitor experience. The ruins are interesting and interpretative panels provide information for visitors. There is an active archaeological project on the site during the summer months. The site is managed by a non-profit, non-governmental organization, the Betty's Hope Trust. It is a popular tourist destination and easily accessible by vehicle and public bus. Betty's Hope was the first large scale sugar plantation on Antigua. It was established in 1667 by Colonel Christopher Codrington. Codrington served as the senior military officer on the island and the governor of the Leeward Islands. His descendants continued to develop Betty's Hope into the largest and most productive sugar estate on Antigua. They ultimately acquired an additional six estates and leased the entire island of Barbuda. All correspondence between the Codrington's who resided mostly in England and their managers on Antigua were kept and this archived material is a valuable primary source of information. Betty's Hope was considered by many workers as the "workplace of choice" in the post emancipation era. It was well managed and workers were afforded opportunities for learning new trades and skills that was not possible on smaller estates. 
Carib Bean Coffee Roasters is a coffee roasting company based on a hilltop overlooking Falmouth Harbour. They source the finest speciality coffee from around the Caribbean Basin as well as other exotics and roast them daily. With over 20 years in the business, their coffee loving team of professionals have a wealth of experience and a passion for what they do.
Arguably the most spectacular dining location in Antigua, Carmichael’s gourmet restaurant sits at the highest point on Sugar Ridge. With floor to ceiling windows around the restaurant, enjoy views of the Caribbean and surrounding lush greenery. Perfect for watching the sunset or stargazing, Carmichael’s chic open-air space offers a first class dining experience.
The Codrington Castle is unique in many respects as it was a medieval style defense structure on a small island of the Eastern Caribbean. The Castle was built near the waterfront in the now town of Codrington, Barbuda. Only the well and foundations, a footprint of the once imposing and unique structure are visible today. It was built to protect the residents and of the early British colony of Barbuda following a series of devastating attacks by Carib Indians and French Privateers that almost crippled the small colony. The Castle rose to prominence as a Place of Memory following the 1745 Barbuda slave revolt. 
Nestled within a lush private garden in the heart of historic English Harbour, Colibri’s quaint cottage and cabana bar exude Caribbean charm. Serving the best of French and Créole cuisine, French wine and craft cocktails, Colibri is at the top of Antigua’s culinary offerings. Chic, laid-back, and always with a warm welcome, it’s an experience not to be missed.
Welcome to Curtain Bluff, Antigua, consistently ranked among the finest resorts and tennis centers in the world. A perfect destination for weddings, family gatherings and spa holidays. With a beach on each side: one is calm, ideal for swimming and water sports, the other beach is washed by ocean surf.
The Admiral’s Inn is located within the walls of the historic Nelson's Dockyard at English Harbour with our own waterfront areas and courtyard. 15 twin or queen bedded rooms, each with a private bathroom and shower. The rooms vary in size and character according to their location in the old brick building.
Half Moon Bay in Antigua, voted one of the world’s ultimate beaches and now a National Park is always a great choice. Long Bay, on the easternmost point of the island, is another good choice for families as it is completely protected by its reef. Situated at the extreme eastern point of the island, on the road to Long Bay, is Indian Town. Over the centuries, powerful Atlantic breakers have swept in at the end of a 3,000-mile journey from Africa, carving out a natural limestone arch called Devil’s Bridge. The blowholes and spouting surf make a spectacular site.
Enjoy excellent value and a fantastic all-inclusive Caribbean vacation in beautiful Antigua. Getting here is a breeze with easy non-stop flights from many major cities. Great nightly rates, easy flights, and plenty of fun around our huge swimming pool and beach!
Voted the “World’s Most Romantic Resort” year after year, Sandals Grande Antigua is located on Antigua’s best and most famous beach, Dickenson Bay. Explore the Caribbean Grove, a charming seaside garden oasis graced by meandering pathways, majestic palms and cooling tradewinds.
Undersea Odyssey: Surrounded almost completely by Coral Reefs, the waters of Antigua are every snorkelers dream. The distinct lack of dangerous currents makes is easy for anyone to join in on the fun!
St. Barnabas is a small picturesque church set directly on the main road to English Harbour, on a scenic hilltop in Liberta village. It is built of the local green stone found in the area, and bricks imported from England. St. Barnabas is a popular attraction for tourists on the way to English Harbour. There is an old story that a small meteorite came through the roof and embedded in the floor behind the altar but this has never been confirmed. It is a popular photo spot for tourists and others admiring the green volcanic stone. 
St. Mary's Anglican is built on a small rise on the west coast of Antigua. It is has a scenic mountain backdrop and from the church, a view of the Jolly Beach area. 
Tucked away on a secluded 100-acre peninsula on the southeastern coast of Antigua, the St. James’s Club Resort & Villas exudes a casual, club-like ambiance. With two white sand beaches, six swimming pools and a range of facilities and activities available, this resort is great for couples, families and singles.
The Joe Mike's Downtown Hotel Plaza in St. John's, Antigua, situated on Corn Alley & Nevis Street. There is a wonderful Restaurant which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. Great selection for Local Foods around Antigua.
The Bay restaurant is located on a bluff overlooking the tropical waters of Nonsuch Bay, carefully designed, with you in mind, to make the most of the dramatic scenery. Diners are seated at tables on a cascading series of terraces contoured along the edge of the hillside.
Located on the water's edge with fabulous ocean views and easy access to the soft sandy beach, this Café/Bistro will capture your imagination and taste buds both at the same time. An eclectic array of comfy chairs and tables set out on the wooden deck, with jazz, r&b, soul and Café Del Mar playing in the background, produce an enchanting and chilled out ambiance at this fabulous location.
Poised artfully on the edge of a remarkable sunset facing bluff and terraced in a cliffside, protruding over the rocks of Ffryes Bay, this series of bougainvillea-draped pavilions, four-poster daybeds and plunge pool delivers a seductive backdrop in creating one of the most beautiful and must-visit dining spots and experiences in Antigua.
The destination’s numerous hotels provide the ultimate romantic setting for couples combining their wedding with a honeymoon in paradise.Adults/Couples-Only properties are especially suited for couples looking for ultra-romantic accommodations.
Antigua Paddles: A fantastic half day eco adventure for all the family. Come and 'paddle in paradise' with excellent guides. Fast motorboats transfer you from the kayak clubhouse to a remote lagoon where, after instruction, guides will lead a route thru mangroves inlets and tiny islands.
The Nest Beach Bar & Restaurant is a comfortable oasis Located at Valley Church Beach on the southwestern coast of the beautiful island of Antigua.
Experience the breathtaking beauty of Antigua at a vacation destination with something for everyone. An oasis of tranquility and amenity located on 30 beachfront acres, The Verandah is the perfect place for a romantic wedding, honeymoon or family getaway. Situated amongst a backdrop of lush green gardens, stunning tropical views and a shimmering turquoise sea, the incredible All-Inclusive blend of engaging activities, delectable cuisine and entertaining nightlife allows you the luxury to do it all, or nothing at all.
Sea View Farm Catholic Chapel is a small stone chapel in the western section of Sea View Farm village. It was built partially of the brown flint stone that is abundant in the area, which is known for its clay and fossilized wood. 
The money used is the Eastern Caribbean Dollar (XCD). You can buy it at banks, exchange offices, airports, and certain hotels in the country.
The hidden caves and mysterious rocky caverns is steeped in myth and legend. Some caves are said to have fast-flowing rivers within them. Others are as tall as a cathedral, according to folklore tales. Many caves sit partially beneath ground level, offering visitors easy access. And one or two disappear into deep, dark sinkhole abyss. 
The best-kept secret of the Caribbean is the smooth coastline edged with alternating pink and white sand beaches protected by barrier reefs on the island of Barbuda. Nearly deserted beaches combine with an environment rich in marine life offering those who venture over from Antigua the opportunity to enjoy excellent diving, snorkeling, fishing, bird watching, and of course, an escape from the everyday. Though most of Barbuda’s beaches are composed of fine white sand, a few are noticeably different. These are the striking pink “sand” beaches created from the tiniest of pink shells, the color of cotton candy, that are washed ashore in various coves.
Ticchio Italian Food & Wine is a new concept store that has inside both a store and a restaurant. The store sells a wide range of deli coming from Italy, from pasta to ham, from Parmigiano Reggiano to extra virgin olive oil. Mozzarella di Bufala and Burrata arrive weekly from Italy by air.
At the height of the Napoleonic Wars, Great Britain at times stood alone against French territorial and military conquests. Large numbers of soldiers were needed to fight in the Caribbean and to defend the British sugar colonies and the naval dockyard on Antigua. Almost half of these soldiers would never return due to the frequent epidemics of yellow fever, malaria and other infectious diseases. Several West India Regiments of African and free black soldiers were stationed at Middle Ground. On a rocky outcrop at Middle Ground, three grinding holes that are similar in all respects to those of northern Ghana, Cameroon and Nigeria, can be observed. It is not known if the hollows were the work of the African soldiers or African domestics and tradesmen attached to the military, but they are a rare and interesting feature of important cultural significance. 
Rastafari Experience Antigua: Our island tours offer both scenic and cultural heritage tours that teach both the natural history of Antigua and the foundations of Rastafari.
Antigua Equestrian Centre: We run a small friendly yard which offers a unique experience to our guests. The Stables are very close to several beaches and to the historic sites of English Harbour. Ride in the cool of the morning and explore the rest of English Harbour in the afternoon. We offer some wonderful trail rides through the hills with scenic views, or treks to the beach with the opportunity to swim with your horse in the warm waters of this Caribbean island.
Antigua Scuba School: Learn to dive scuba at your own pace! We are a group of instructors ready to teach you a wide list of PADI courses in beautiful paradise!
Hotels offer various affordable packages from which the bride and groom can choose. So, besides the nuptials, couples get a tropical holiday thrown in for good measure! The catering, flowers, photography and music even cake and champagne will be well taken care of. If you are short of bridesmaids, a best man, or a maid of honour, they can be supplied as well.
Takes reservations, walk-ins welcome, good for groups, good for kids, take out, delivery, catering
Experience a new era of all-inclusive while taking in the romantic atmosphere, gorgeous beach and island views.
Situated on the award-winning Dickenson Bay along Antigua’s northwestern coastline, Siboney Beach Club, is dreamy with its perfectly secluded beach, famous red telephone box and neatly tucked away tropical oasis. The hotel is handpicked by those in search of a unique boutique hotel and a relaxed beach getaway. If you’re looking for a comfortable stay on a gorgeous beach, with the freedom to dine out, tour Antigua and experience local life and culture to the fullest, then Siboney Beach Club Antigua is the place for you.
Overdraft: On your Antigua vacation you too can experience the excitement of fishing Marlin, Tuna, King fish, Dolphin (fish), Wahoo, Shark or Barracuda, in the Atlantic waters of Antigua with "Overdraft" and "H2o" deep sea fishing charters.
Antigua and Barbuda has three very competent telecommunications providers namely Inet, Digicel and FLOW. All three offer cutting edge technology and can be contacted on island to secure needed services. Pre-paid mobile phone cards can be purchased island-wide for any of the three providers.
Antigua and Barbuda is in the GMT -4 Time Zone.
Trek Tours: Join us as we trek to the most scenic and rewarding parts of Antigua. You need not be an athlete to participate, but you need to be interested in experiencing Antigua’s incredible scenery in an active manner!
The Antigua Barbuda ferry service uses the Barbuda Express which is an innovative wave-piercing catamaran giving maximum passenger comfort at high speed. The journey time of 90 minutes in nearly all weather conditions makes it ideal for business use and for day-trips or excursions. The Barbuda Express ferry can be boarded at the ferry dock in St. John's Harbour. The ferry dock is located at the bottom of High Street in St. John's city.
Are you ready to treat yourself at the bakery of your dreams? Guilty Consumption offers a wide variety of cakes, cheesecakes, coffee, ice-cream, milkshakes and many other irresistible treats. Conveniently located at Hilda Davis Drive in St. John’s, this bakery will easily become your new favourite spot. The charming staff at Guilty Consumption have the unique skill of finding your perfect guilty pleasure, based on your preferences. Whether it be rich, coconut rum cake or our decadent, vegan chocolate cake, your favourite slice is waiting for you.”
Cocos Hotel situated on a bluff overlooking the turquoise waters of the Caribbean Sea. The quiet resort is a unique collection of 30 individual wooden cottages with breathtaking panoramas built by local craftsmen. Meals are served in a casual and romantic all Inclusive restaurant with a la carte menu and amazing ocean views.
Your room or cottage is a short walk away from the azure waters of the Caribbean Sea, and on a clear day, the horizon is graced with the outline of the neighboring volcanic isle of Montserrat. Our intimate, yet all-inclusive property is the equivalent of romance personified.
268 Buggies specializes in adrenaline-filled adventure rides, with elements that will enliven all your senses (on off road trails)
From the time the first sunbeam shimmers on your face to the last sip of your final cocktail, you are guaranteed to have the perfect relaxing Caribbean vacation with us. Nestled beautifully on a hillside surrounded by the richest of colors and natural fauna you will find your home away from home – the Award-winning Villas at Sunset Lane.
Barbuda Ocean Club, a private residential resort community in the heart of the spectacular Eastern Caribbean. Marked by year-round warm temperatures and cool ocean breezes, it’s a place of “barefoot sophistication” where shoes are optional but smiles are not. Developed by Discovery Land Company, Barbuda Ocean Club delivers an unparalleled family-oriented, adventure lifestyle for discerning residents. Miles of beach, world-class golf, ocean adventure, personal service and incredible opportunities for family fun. Come play!
The disco bar features the latest dance hits while the chill out area plays relaxing tunes in a comfortable environment. On special events such as costume parties and live performances, both areas are redesigned for the occasion. Its array of ever changing international DJs and performance artists ensures that each night you’re in for a both visual and stereophonic extravaganza…
Basilico Restaurant is an authentic Italian Restaurant. We remain faithful to our traditions preparing home made Pasta, delicious Pizza, regional recipes.
Situated on Pigeon Beach. We offer classical French cuisine with Provence-style influences and local ingredients. Our classically French trained chefs have helped to conceptualize and refresh the menu.
Island Routes is an independent operator of curated excursions and experiences in the Caribbean. Holding the spot as the World's Leading Caribbean Attraction Company, Island Routes offers a wide selection of day tours and exclusive experiences across the trifecta of scapes - land, air and sea. Its day tour options provide guests with ready-made, trailblazing experiences while their Private and Bespoke Collections answers the call for privacy and exclusivity in the great, big, outdoors. Learn more on their website at Island Routes
Boasting iconic and awe-inspiring views of the Falmouth Bay our Captain's Quarters Restaurant & Bar offers guests both formal and informal alfresco dining.
Our fine cuisine is an exciting blend of national and international dishes served with a Caribbean flair and it reflects the islands’ international status. Over 100 restaurants can be found in Antigua offering delicious cuisine from exotic, local dishes to West Indian, Italian, French, Chinese and Swiss-German fare.
Renowned as Antigua's best sushi bar and deli-café, The Larder also offers an upscale takeaway and catering service. The bar provides an excellent selection of fresh juices, Premium spirits and fine wines. New features include a "Build Your Own Salad" bar, Illy coffee, Gelateria and genuine Napolitano style thin-crust pizzas, baked to-order in a woodstone oven.
Akropolis Steakhouse & Pizzeria offers a newly designed menu featuring a variety succulent steaks as well as a number of tasty pizzas and much more
Enjoy laid back luxury and genuine Caribbean warmth and hospitality at Carlisle Bay, Antigua. Situated on a pristine horseshoe bay on the southwest coast of the island of Antigua. Engulfed by untouched rainforest, this five-star resort incorporates its natural surroundings, embodying relaxed sophistication and discreet luxury.
A charming, historic boutique hotel set on a 2 acre headland overlooking 18th century Nelson's Dockyard, a UNESCO World Heritage site, the Gunpowder House perfect backdrop for a relaxing holiday. The 12 suites are housed in 1 historic building, the original Gunpowder House, and 4 cottages fringing the waterfront on the headland 100 yards across the bay from Nelson's Dockyard.
Sit back and relax whilst you’re served delicious homemade burgers, local sausages and corn, all washed down with ice-cold drinks of your choice…
Tucker on the Grill is committed to using the finest ingredients in our recipes. No food leaves our kitchen that we ourselves would not eat.
C&C Wine House is a little gem, nestled in the courtyard of historic Redcliffe Quay. We are the place where wine lovers can pair amazing wines with tasty coconut shrimp, pastas, burgers, paninis and signature meals such as Scampi Diabolique.
Set in one of the most beautiful, undisturbed places in the world, Jumby Bay, A Rosewood Resort is an island of simple pleasures. Reachable only by boat, and with no cars in sight, this private isle of white-powdered beaches and winding bicycle paths is a one-of-a-kind hideaway known, quite simply, as the finest resort in the Caribbean.
Casual, local dessert and local foods. Open air, no frills, walk up service. Popular with locals, tourists and sailors.
Fun in the sun with Sweet Wadadli Jungle Rides
The Inn has only 28 rooms built on 19 acres of seaside land, inducing a true sense of privacy and seclusion. Set on a postcard-lovely bay on the island of Antigua, this split-level resort features a hilltop building overlooking English Harbour and the picturesque waters of the Caribbean Sea. The Hotel has its own white sandy beach, with a small but lovely private dock.
The destination’s numerous hotels provide the ultimate romantic setting for couples combining their wedding with a honeymoon in paradise.Adults/Couples-Only properties are especially suited for couples looking for ultra-romantic accommodations.
Ondeck Antigua: Ondeck Sailing offers a huge range of activities ranging from day charters, training courses, racing in the regattas to group trips and events and importantly we can create events to suit your particular requirements.
The destination’s numerous hotels provide the ultimate romantic setting for couples combining their wedding with a honeymoon in paradise.Adults/Couples-Only properties are especially suited for couples looking for ultra-romantic accommodations.
With a dining deck that extends right out over the harbour, South Point’s restaurant is a popular choice for lunch or dinner. The signature small plate menu showcases authentic flavours inspired by the best of Mediterranean and Asian cuisene with one thing in common: fresh, high quality ingredients. There is also a Sushi Bar. The Lounge Bar opens for breakfast from 7am.
Visitors to Antigua will find a varied and interesting choice of dining spots on the island from first-class, gourmet restaurants as fine as you would expect to find anywhere in the world, to colourful waterfront cafés, beach bars and fast-food outlets. Whether you are simply ravenous for a burger, adventurous enough to try some local fare or in the mood for some romance, Antigua and Barbuda has a restaurant for you.
Indigo Divers offers scuba diving activities daily for beginners and experienced scuba divers, including dive courses in English as well as German.
"
Sea Cat Discoveries: Come and join us aboard our 25ft Panga style boat to discover Antigua's underwater world and secluded beaches. Drift snorkel on a 2 mile barrier reef or explore a sunken shipwreck. Our comfortable cushions and retractable awning means relaxing is a must."
Sit & Sip Pedal Tours: The first pedal-powered party to hit the streets of Antigua offering sightseeing tours by day & epic bar crawls by night. Experience the charm of the different locations in Antigua as we pedal past some of the most popular historical sites on the island.
Cocobay offers many unique experiences for the most discerning traveler, providing a blissful atmosphere among its gingerbread fretwork, sandy beaches and Caribbean chic accommodation.
Dark Cave is two miles to the south of Darby Cave. The cave has a narrow entrance leading to a vast cavern containing pools of water, which were probably a water source for Amerindian inhabitants as artefacts have been found nearby. Dark Cave is the habitat for a rare species of amphipod, the blind shrimp, as well as several species of bats. 
The Bay restaurant is located on a bluff overlooking the tropical waters of Nonsuch Bay, carefully designed, with you in mind, to make the most of the dramatic scenery. Diners are seated at tables on a cascading series of terraces contoured along the edge of the hillside.
From the perfect yacht club deck, you have a perfect view of the super yachts pulling in and out of the Antigua Yacht Club Marina at Famouth Habour, and can enjoy the view while you dine and drink. The citrusy colour combination of oranges, sunny yellows and limey greens are a delight on the eyes, with fresh flowers, fruits and even the owners outfits complement each other – they can't help but bring a smile to your face.
The "dungeon" or confinement space is a simple single wall structure. It was built of stone and lime mortar enclosing a small rock shelter on a small hill in the heart of the Orange Valley Sugar Estate. The dungeon front wall has a small single entry door and a small narrow slit for ventilation. The sugar estate is located close to the western end of the Shekerley Mountains, near to the Dark Woods Beach in the Bermudan Valley trading area of colonial Antigua. In those early days of coloniza- tion, the Sherkeley Mountain provided the only place of refuge for maroons, or escaped slaves. 
The Arsenal was built in St. John's on Newgate and Market Streets in 1772 on the site of the original building that was destroyed by the Great Fire of St. John's. It was initially a part of the administration complex of the island, and the Courthouse was built immediately adjacent to it; however, its primary role was as a prison. In 1831 the prison was and its secondary role as a police station was expanded and continues to this day. 
The "dungeon" or confinement space is a simple single wall structure. It was built of stone and lime mortar enclosing a small rock shelter on a small hill in the heart of the Orange Valley Sugar Estate. The dungeon front wall has a small single entry door and a small narrow slit for ventilation. The sugar estate is located close to the western end of the Shekerley Mountains, near to the Dark Woods Beach in the Bermudan Valley trading area of colonial Antigua. In those early days of colonization, the Sherkeley Mountain provided the only place of refuge for maroons, or escaped slaves. 
The Moravians arrived in Antigua in the 18th century at the heart of the period of sugar and slavery. They immediately embarked on a mission to educate and improve the lives of the enslaved Africans. Spring Garden was the site of their largest church and mission close to St. John's. 
Blockhouse is located at the southeastern end of the Ridge on Shirley's Heights Road. Blockhouse was built as a coastal observation and defense platform. It was built as a part of the larger defense system designed to protect the nearby British Naval Dockyard and the island of Antigua and a time in history when Britain was experiencing difficulties. Antigua with the naval dockyard and strategically valuable hurricane shelter was the only safe port for the navy and had to be held at all cost. 
Fort Charlotte was built to guard the entrance of English Harbour. It worked in unison with Fort Berkerley as a chain was floated across the harbor entrance between these forts. The deep water of this area is a popular scuba diving area. This site requires a 15 minute walk along an unpaved road from Galleon Beach resort out to Charlotte Point. 
Ft. Berkerley is located at the entrance to English Harbour. Fort Berkerley was built to protect ships at anchor and being careened in English harbour. The first defenses were setup in 1704 and expanded in the 1740s. The barrel end of the cannon bollard that was embedded in the bedrock, onto which a chain was tied and slung across the harbour entrance to Fort Charlotte on the other side, to effectively block the entrance of the harbour. 
It is located Northwest of the village of Bendals and due north of Antigua Masonry Products on the road that connects Bendals with Big Creek, is the site of Greencastle Estate. Current Status: Nothing remains of the once grand structures and factory complex with twin windmills, great house and slave village. Unless one is accompanied by an archaeologist, it will be difficult to locate the site. It is however, easily accessible from the main road. There is a small wooden house on the hill where the southern windmill once stood and a new concrete residence is being built where the other mill was located. Greencastle Estate was the property of Samuel Martin. It is situated on fertile lands with several reliable streams and receives a high rainfall, on the foothills of the Sherkeley Mountains. On December 27, 1701, Martin was killed by his slaves for refusing to give them their Christmas holidays. Twenty years later, his son Colonel Samuel Martin took over the estate. Martin Jr. made several observations on the current practices and agricultural policies of the sugar estates. He published his observations and recommendations in his "Essay on Plantership" that recommended major changes greatly improved the lives of the enslaved people. His recommended changes included granting them good lands for growing their own provisions, more humane treatment, more time for rest and self improvement, better accommodations and medical care. He believed that a better treated worker would be more content and productive. Although it has not been proven if his essay actually made a difference in the lives of the enslaved, it was widely distributed, read and debated.
Shirley Heights was a British military center for the Leeward Islands. Its primary role was to protect the British Navy moored in English Harbour and the dockyard, but it also served as a platform for military campaigns in the region. The large numbers of structures, defense platforms, powder magazines, hospitals, barracks, storage facilities, roads and infrastructure. 
In 1736, Prince Klass, an enslaved Coromantee of noble birth, organized the first large scale slave revolt in Antigua. Klass was recognized as a leader by the enslaved Africans on Antigua and was publicly respected by them. The insurrection was set to begin during the coronation ball for King George I. On the sound of the explosion, all slaves were to rise, kill all whites encountered then capture the Arsenal of weapons and other fortifications. The plot was revealed and all involved promptly arrested. The subsequent trial and investigation (by torture) led to a frenzy of further arrests and mass executions. Prince Klass is a National hero of Antigua and his monument is sited near the believed area of the executions. 
The most romantic day of your life will be one that you will forever remember and cherish. Your wedding venue can be a tropical garden, the courtyard of your hotel, on the beach or out sailing anything you desire to make this a very special day.
Antigua Nature Tours: Experience the magic and beauty of Antigua’s tropical ecosystem when you embark on an absolutely ANTastic kayak and snorkelling expedition. ANT will put you up close and personal with Antigua’s wondrous wildlife, beautiful beaches, and spectacular scenery.
Scooter Snorkel: Glide through the warm waters at Galleon beach while being surrounded by an array of tropical marine animals. Turtles, rays, crabs, and a wide assortment of tropical fish are among the company we regularly encounter on our powered adventure.
Look up information on travel websites, consult a local travel agency, or ask for tips from hotel staff in Antigua.
The currency is the Eastern Caribbean Dollar (XCD). You can exchange for it at local banks, currency exchange places, airports, and sometimes at hotels.
St. George's Anglican Church was built as the Parish Church on Fitches Creek about 1687, of brick and limestone. The hurricanes of 1950 were particularly destructive and St. George's had to be extensively repaired. It was again repaired and expanded in the 1980s to create the church we see today. The oldest tombs are on the eastern side of the property closest to the sea. The church also contains the tomb of the first English settler to be interred within the sanctuary of a place of worship on Antigua; William Barnes in 1695. 
The 5am Hiking Club was formed sometime in October 2009, a specific date which no one remembers, because they were so overjoyed every Saturday morning at 5 o'clock.
The beaches of the hilly southwest corner of Antigua are generally less developed than those around St. John’s. Winding along the coast are Ffryes Bay, Darkwood Beach and Johnson’s Point. Rendezvous Bay and especially Doigs Beach, both located on the central southern coast, are especially quiet beaches as they are only accessible by four-wheel drive or footpaths. And, after a day at Nelson’s Dockyard, Pigeon Point is a great stop off for a cooling dip or a refreshing drink at the local beach bar. Another popular spot for drinks and even some food is Turner’s Beach Bar and Grill at Johnson’s Point in St. Mary’s.
arbuda’s Frigate Bird Sanctuary is located in the island’s north-western lagoon and is accessible only by boat. The sanctuary contains over 170 species of birds and is home to over 5,000 frigate birds. Fregata magnificens, the most aerial of water-birds, possesses the largest wingspan (four to five feet) in proportion to its body size of any bird in the world.
Luis Beach is a perfect choice for those seeking seclusion. This picturesque beach is as tranquil as it comes in Barbuda. A strip of pillow-soft pink sand runs parallel to the calm turquoise, crystal-clear lagoon. Beginning at Palmetto Point, at the southeasternmost tip of the island, and separating the rough Atlantic waters from the quiet tranquillity that is Codrington Lagoon, is a narrow swath of barrier land that runs north for 11-miles, and on one side includes one of the most stunning and isolated beaches in the Caribbean. The beach formerly 17 miles long, gets its name Luis Beach following the storm ‘Luis’ that resulted in a break in the stretch of beach. Layout and soak in the sun, walk along the soft sand or jump in the refreshing clear waters of Luis Beach for a swim or snorkel adventure.
You can find details on traveling from Antigua to Barbuda at local travel agencies, online travel forums, or by asking at your hotel in Antigua.
Please see our Getting To Barbuda page for travel information on how you can travel to our sister island Barbuda.
Barbuda Rentals is Barbuda’s primary car rental agency, offering an exclusive lineup of 4x4 compact SUVs for guests visiting the island, whether it be for the day or a long period of time.
Bigs Car Rental and Taxi Service’ was started by Antiguan Entrepreneur Kirk Browne in 2001. The purpose of this venture was to provide fast reliable transportation to visitors to the island. We started with a fleet of three cars. Remaining true to our commitment to excellent service, we have grown to accommodate over 60 rentals at one time, provide the best taxi service on the island and offer high quality transfers for VIPs from yachts to private jets and many more.
Tropical Rentals offers fast service, low rates and special promotions on rental cars in Antigua. With our affordable rates, you can save on one of our Antigua rental cars. Whether you prefer a compact car, mid-size, economy, luxury SUV or sporty Jeep, at Tropical Rentals you’ll find the vehicle rental you want at a price you’ll love.
Tourist information can be obtained from hotel front desks and the Antigua and Barbuda Tourism Authority and its Tourist Information Offices: Headquarters in Antigua: 1-268-562-7600; New York: 1-212-541-4117; U.K. 020 3668 3800; Canada 1-416-961-3143. Generally, the information centers are open from 9am to 4:30pm, Monday to Friday.
An exquisite stretch of pink sand beach, with warm, calm, blue waters making River Beach great for swimming. On River beach, history lovers can also be enthralled by the 56 foot, Martello Tower, a fort and fortress built in the 1800s by the British to defend Barbuda against invasion.
Antigua and Barbuda is a twin-island gem located in the heart of the Caribbean Sea. As part of the Leeward islands, we are situated 45 minutes (by plane) from the island of Puerto Rico and to the north-west of Barbados. Boasting one of the regions award-winning state-of-the-art airports, several of the major airlines fly to our shores and we welcome cruise ship passengers from most of the world’s most popular cruise lines.  Antigua and Barbuda lie in the eastern arc of the Leeward Islands of the Lesser Antilles, separating the Atlantic Ocean from the Caribbean Sea. Antigua is 650 km (400 mi) southeast of Puerto Rico; Barbuda lies 48 km (30 mi) due north of Antigua, and the uninhabited island of Redonda is 56 km (35 mi) southwest of Antigua.
Antigua and Barbuda is a small island nation located in the eastern Caribbean Sea, near the northeastern edge of the Caribbean, where the Atlantic Ocean meets the Caribbean.
Three and half miles north-east of Codrington is Darby Cave, a spectacular sink hole in the middle of the Highlands. It is well worth the long walk (45 minutes) to see the huge deep hole suddenly appear in front of you and wonder how it got there the tops of tall palm trees are suddenly at eye level! Darby Sink Hole is over three hundred feet in diameter and around seventy feet deep. One side of the hole has been greatly undercut and stalactites up to eight feet long have formed under the overhang. The vegetation resembles a mini rainforest with palms, ferns, and lianas. 
Fort Barrington is situated on Goat Hill, the westernmost entry point into St. John's Harbour. It was built on the strategic hilltop point to control entry by sea into both St. John's Harbour and neighbouring Deep Bay. As such, it was an important part of the triad of forts built to protect the rapidly growing trading town of St. John's. 
Great George Fort is located on a flat hilltop overlooking Falmouth Harbour. Great George Fort was built on Monk's Hill as a walled enclosure to protect the families of the soldiers and planters on Antigua in the event of an armed invasion. Construction on the site began in 1689 and continued until the 1730s. It also served as a signal station passing communications on to other stations around the island and continued in this capacity until the Second World War. 
Hodges Bay Resort & Spa is an exclusive beachfront resort and spa in Antigua has become the go-to celebrity destination for luxury and anonymity.
St. Peter's Anglican church is located in the town of Parham, and is the Parish church for St. Peter's Parish. It is a unique octagonal building dating to 1840. It replaced the older church that had been built at Vernon's in the early 1700s. The structure is of white limestone and a masterpiece of Georgian ecclesiastic architecture built in "a Palladian manner" and a roof framed like the hull of a ship. It was designed by an English architect Thomas Weekes and built by black enslaved stonemasons. It was the first building in Parham to be lit with electricity. 
St. Philip's Anglican is a picturesque limestone building at the entrance to St. Philip's Village. This community developed after the waterfront settlement of Bridgetown was abandoned in the mid 19th century. 
St. Stephen's Anglican was built on the main road that once traversed Antigua in a straight line from East to West. It is located at the crossroad of the main road from Pares to Willikies at the intersection leading to Seaton's. Much like St. Peter's, it is built of white limestone, some of which were taken from the old plantation structures at Betty's Hope Estate nearby. 
Antigua Rainforest Canopy: The Antigua Rainforest Company is located in the heart of the island’s Fig Tree Drive rainforest just after the village of John Hughes. We are Antigua’s only zip line and rope adventure operators and have been in successful and safe operation for over 10 years.
The fort is located on a point of land separating Carlisle Bay and Curtain Bluff. Old Road was one of the first places of settlement for the English in 1632. The fort was established by 1652 as a coastal battery, one of the many positioned to protect the island, prevent the landing of enemy forces and to guard nearby settlements and ships at anchor. 
The Martello Tower is located on the pink sand beach area on Barbuda known as the River. It was initially known as River Fort and was built to defend the main anchorage and entry route of the southern approaches to Barbuda. It was armed with six guns that could be quickly repositioned in any direction. The tower today is the major historical site and attraction on Barbuda. 
Non-stop flight services are available from the Canada, the United States, the UK as well as numerous islands throughout the Caribbean.
This small Catholic Church was built in the early 20th century by the wealthy planter A. J. Camacho. Antigua, a British colony, was at the time predominantly protestant. Post emancipation, a number of migrant groups were introduced, including the Portuguese who were financially successful and within a generation were among the top merchants, planters and businessmen on Antigua. The Portuguese were Catholics, and as there was no place for them to worship, the small chapel of St. Joseph and St. Patrick was built. 
Kahyeme Benjamin is not just a local celebrity chef in his own right, but also the founder and owner of The Perfect Chef Private/Personal Chef Services.
Pillars restaurant is located in the beautiful and historic Admiral's Inn. The kitchen is headed up by Chilean born, 5-Star chef Juan. Chef Gil is known for his broad range of culinary expertise and reflects this in his daily and special menus!
Gilbert's Memorial Methodist Church is one of the most beautiful small churches of Antigua. It was built of the cream-colored limestone typical of the northeast limestone region of the island. It was named after Nathaniel Gilbert one of the first preachers of Methodism on Antigua who owned the nearby Gilbert's Estate. Gilbert's Memorial Church and its outer buildings are located near Glanville's Village in the Parish of St. Phillip. 
It would be difficult to overestimate the impact on Antigua's history of sugar and slavery. It began on that fateful day in 1684 when Sir Christopher Codrington arrived. An enterprising man, Codrington had come to Antigua to find out if the island would support the sort of large-scale sugar cultivation that already flourished elsewhere in the Caribbean. His initial efforts proved to be quite successful, and over the next fifty years sugar cultivation and slavery on Antigua exploded. By the middle of the 18th century the island was dotted with more than 150 cane-processing windmills - each the focal point of a sizeable plantation. The majority of enslaved Africans worked on sugar plantations or in support of that industry. Relations were often uneasy and uprisings of the Africans were cruelly put down. The sugar industry was to continue for over three hundred years when tourism took over. Today over a hundred stone sugar mill towers dot Antigua's landscape in mute evidence of bygone days. 
It has stunning beaches, cool historic spots, and a chill island vibe perfect for relaxing.
A wonderfully peaceful Antigua hotel haven. Whether you’re traveling to our lovely island for business or leisure we’ll give you a genuine, warm Caribbean welcome. Perfect for newly-weds, couples and business travelers, Trade Winds Hotel is a haven of tropical peace and tranquility. And it’s only a few minutes’ walk to the beach.
Betty's Hope was the first large scale sugar plantation on Antigua. Colonel Christopher Codrington established it in 1667 immediately following the Treaty of Breda and the return of the island by the French, to the British. Many workers considered Betty's Hope as the "workplace of choice" in the post emancipation era. It was well managed and workers were afforded opportunities for learning new trades and skills that was not possible on smaller estates. The site is now used as a public park and place for learning. There is also an active archaeological project on the site during the summer months. The site is managed by a non-profit, non-govern- mental organization, the Betty's Hope Trust. It is a popular tourist destination and easily accessible by vehicle and public bus. 
Cheers Bar is known as the meeting point where you can meet, use free wifi and relax in a friendly environment. A trip to Antigua is not complete without our mouth tasting lobster.
Welcome to Hermitage Bay; a privately owned, luxury, all inclusive, 5-star boutique hotel on the west coast of Antigua with twenty seven individual suites set in beautiful tropical gardens on the beach and hillside of a stunning natural bay.
Get the celebrity treatment with world-class service at Royalton Antigua Resort and Spa - All Inclusive
The Bay House Restaurant & Bar is a prime destination on the island, popular with locals, business travellers and visitors alike. We offer catering for business functions, welcoming business from across Antigua and beyond. Islanders use the Bay House Restaurant for corporate functions, weddings, private parties and other celebrations.
The Donkey Sanctuary welcomes visitors and is favourite stop for children and adults alike. It offers visiting families a wonderful alternative to another day on the beach. Hotel guests often make return visits during their stay just to spend some more time with our donkeys.
The Methodist church in Bethesda Village is not the most scenic or picturesque site on Antigua, not the most interesting in architecture or style, but historically it is one of the most important sites on Antigua and in the Caribbean for it was the first place built by slaves, for slaves and dedicated to their education and religious instruction. 
It is not only rightly recognized for serving some of the best pizzas in the Caribbean, but is also renowned for its great food featuring international favourites and local specialities. The fun atmosphere and historic setting attract both locals and visitors, and over the years an impressive list of celebrities.
Antigua and Barbuda’s small size makes it great for exploration. Antigua is 108 square miles, making it easy for visitors to get from point A to point B in 45 minutes or less – nowhere is too far! For a real feel for the island and a bit of adventure, jump on a bus at the bus stop or head to the East or West Bus station for a bus ride that will take you through charming villages and to the island’s beaches or historical sites and natural attractions. It is also quite easy to rent a car, and this is the most popular way to discover more of Antigua and Barbuda. A valid driver’s license and an EC$50 fee are required to obtain a permit to drive in Antigua. Taxis are also available throughout Antigua. Fares between the airport, English Harbour, and many hotels and destinations are fixed and can be obtained upon arrival.